You teach me you teach me
Now the whole water shelf I see who else can help you
I'm your cousin, by the way.
Who can save you?
scram
Mulberry Ye, who am I?
It's you, a little beast
Not dead yet
Do you think
Are you still the old man's favorite grandson?
To tell you the truth
The old man is going to see your dead father soon
later
Your everything
Including your favorite muffled sister
It's all mine
What do you want to do?
Fucking court death
Let's go
Shen Yi
You remember me.
Grandpa is dying
I'm sorry I didn't take good care of him, don't worry.
Uncle Yi
Xiaoyi
Grandpa usually loves you the most
Why did you come only now?
Hmph, he's just waiting for grandpa to be sick
Running back to inherit the Jinwang consortium?
you
It's okay, what's the matter with these idiots?
Watch grandpa stop for me first